Bernard Smith joins us from rala in the
occupied West Bank now and as we heard
the Palestinian president denouncing
Israel yet again but what else did he
have to
say well those were very strong words
from Mahmud Abbas some of the strongest
is said since October the 7th because
the Palestinian prime minister is under
an enormous amount of pressure really
he's very unpopular amongst uh
Palestinians in in the occupied West
Bank and in Gaza um the last polling was
done that suggested 80% of Palestinians
actually want him to resign so he's
under pressure to sort of take a tough
stance to try and win some support he's
also met a couple of us diplomats who
are in town today he met Brett mcer
who's a Middle East Affairs coordinator
at the security Council and with Barbara
Leaf she's an assistant Secretary of
State and he reiterated again to them as
Representatives the US US government
that he wants them to put pressure on
Israel uh to have a cease fire in Gaza
and he also said that he wants an
acceleration of humanitarian Aid to Gaza
okay thanks so much Bernard Ben and
Smith for us in the occupied West
Bank